# Wolf-Goes-to-School
For Fall 2016 05-499C: Twitch Plays Game Design final project

Wolf Goes to School is a Twitch Plays style game where Twitch audiences play as a teacher who has to uncover the school wolf, who is currently disguised as one of school's students!
The audience votes which question to ask all the students and by taking advantage of dicussions on the Twitch channel, need to catch the wolf before all the children in the school are eaten alive.

# FOR WINDOWS USERS:
Download the folder named 'Windows' and run the .EXE file contained in it. DO NOT delete the wolf_Data folder!

# FOR MAC USERS:		
Download the folder named 'Mac' and run the .app file.

# NOTES:
We have votes coming in using an open source solution to grab the twitch chat votes https://github.com/Grahnz/TwitchIRC-Unity using IRC. After, we are storing votes that are given to us in data structures in out Game Logic Tree Singleton which contains all necessary dialog needed for this project. This GLT singleton contains a lot of our back end code for this project. After that, we have various scenes and transitions that build on this dialog such as scenes to show users voting for questions and person to "kill" and so on which use a lot of resources that were generated by our awesome designers.


This game was created by Team Wolfe: 
Conrad Bassett-Bouchard: Animation, brand, game design, interaction design, process documentation, wireframes
Kate Carey: Character development, dialogue, playtesting
Riva Fouzdar:  Character development, dialogue
Jayanth Prathipati: Animation, brand, concept documentation, environment, game design, narrative, playtesting, storyboards
Emily Porat:  Character development, dialogue, playtesting
Sina Siddiqi: : Concept creator, game producer, Lead Unity programmer
